Add quickstart tutorial (#202)
stacks-network/rendezvous: docs/chapter_7.md

# Quickstart Tutorial

> This tutorial walks you through testing a DeFi lending contract with Rendezvous, a property-based testing framework for Clarity smart contracts.

Reviewer: Great! Though is it really a property testing tool? It’s more of hybrid approach I’d say. Thoughts?

Author: Good catch! I'll drop that completely since this lives within the docs, and what Rendezvous is as a tool is explained in multiple places.

Reviewer: Yep! Technically, it’s an invariant-based fuzzer, but that’s an uncommon term. So I think simply calling it a fuzzer works. 

(Perhaps once #66 is resolved, it will fall more into property-testing territory.)

## What You'll Learn

> We'll test a simplified DeFi lending contract that allows users to deposit STX and borrow against those deposits. This contract hides a subtle bug that passes all traditional tests, but fails under Rendezvous property-based testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll test a simplified DeFi lending contract that allows users to deposit STX and borrow against those deposits. This contract hides a subtle bug that passes all example-based tests, but fails when running with Rendezvous property-based testing.
```

You’ll learn to:

- Write property-based tests directly in Clarity
- Catch real vulnerabilities using randomized, stateful test runs
- Replay and fix failing test sequences deterministically

> Note: This example is adapted from the [stx-defi](https://github.com/hirosystems/clarity-examples/blob/ccd9ecf0bf136d7f28ef116706ed2936f6d8781a/examples/stx-defi/contracts/stx-defi.clar) contract in the [hirosystems/clarity-examples](https://github.com/hirosystems/clarity-examples) repository.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have:

- Node.js (version 20, 22, or 23)
- Clarinet installed ([installation guide](https://github.com/stx-labs/clarinet))

## Step 1: Create a New Clarinet Project

Open your terminal and create a new Clarinet project:

```bash
clarinet new rendezvous-tutorial
cd rendezvous-tutorial
```

This creates a new directory with the basic Clarinet structure:

```
rendezvous-tutorial/
├── Clarinet.toml
├── contracts/
├── settings/
│   └── Devnet.toml
└── tests/
```

## Step 2: Install Rendezvous

> Install Rendezvous in your project:

Author: ```suggestion
Add Rendezvous to your project:
```

  (let
    (
      (current-balance
        (default-to u0 (get amount (map-get? deposits { owner: tx-sender })))
      )
    )
    (try! (stx-transfer? amount tx-sender (as-contract tx-sender)))
    (map-set deposits
      { owner: tx-sender }
      { amount: (+ current-balance amount) }
    )
    (ok true)
  )
)

(define-public (borrow (amount uint))
  (let
    (
      (user-deposit
        (default-to u0 (get amount (map-get? deposits { owner: tx-sender })))
      )
      (allowed-borrow (/ user-deposit u2))
      (current-loan
        (default-to u0 (get amount (map-get? loans tx-sender)))
      )
      (new-loan (+ amount))
    )
    (asserts! (<= new-loan allowed-borrow) err-overborrow)
    (let
      ((recipient tx-sender))
      (try! (as-contract (stx-transfer? amount tx-sender recipient)))
    )
    (map-set loans tx-sender { amount: new-loan })
    (ok true)
  )
)

(define-read-only (get-loan-amount)
  (ok (default-to u0 (get amount (map-get? loans tx-sender))))
)
```

**What this contract does:**

- Users can `deposit` STX into the protocol
- Users can `borrow` up to 50% of their deposit value
- The contract tracks deposits and loans for each user

> ## Step 4: Write Traditional Unit Tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Write Some Unit Tests
```

      "stx-defi",
      "borrow",
      [Cl.uint(amountToBorrow)],
      address1
    );

    expect(result).toBeOk(Cl.bool(true));
  });

  it("loan amount is correct", () => {
    const amountToDeposit = 1000;
    const amountToBorrow = 500;

    simnet.callPublicFn(
      "stx-defi",
      "deposit",
      [Cl.uint(amountToDeposit)],
      address1
    );

    simnet.callPublicFn(
      "stx-defi",
      "borrow",
      [Cl.uint(amountToBorrow)],
      address1
    );

    const { result } = simnet.callReadOnlyFn(
      "stx-defi",
      "get-loan-amount",
      [],
      address1
    );

    expect(result).toBeOk(Cl.uint(amountToBorrow));
  });

  it("cannot borrow more than half of deposit", () => {
    const amountToDeposit = 1000;
    const amountToBorrow = 501;

    simnet.callPublicFn(
      "stx-defi",
      "deposit",
      [Cl.uint(amountToDeposit)],
      address1
    );

    const { result } = simnet.callPublicFn(
      "stx-defi",
      "borrow",
      [Cl.uint(amountToBorrow)],
      address1
    );

    // err-overborrow
    expect(result).toBeErr(Cl.uint(300));
  });
});
```

Install dependencies and run the tests:

```bash
npm install
npm test
```

> **All tests pass!** ✅ (or so it seems...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Looking good!** ✅ (or so it seems...)
```
